{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red5\green68\blue254;\red46\green111\blue253;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c38136\c99824;\cssrgb\c22750\c53231\c99501;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16040\viewh23400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Write a line of code that makes a Pizza using the constructor shown below: \
public Pizza(boolean thinCrust, int pizzaSizeInches) \{ // constructor code\uc0\u8232 \} \
\cf3 Pizza pizza = new Pizza(true, 3);\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Write a constructor for a Turtle object that has a name and age. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Turtle (String n, int a)\{\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 this.name = n;\
this.age = a;\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \}\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create and initialize a variable for the number of fingers you have. \uc0\u8232 \cf4 int fingers = 5;\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create and initialize a variable for the name of your favorite sports team \uc0\u8232 \cf3 String favTeam = \'93Chargers\'94;\cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create and initialize a variable for an instance of java.util.Random \uc0\u8232 \cf3 Random random = new Random();\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2   6. Create and initialize a variable for a JFrame \
\cf3 Frame frame = new JFrame();\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2   \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. \
\uc0\u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \u9679  \
8. \
Which of the following are valid JComponents? \
Frame\uc0\u8232 JPanel\u8232 JButton JMouseListener JLabel JtextButton JComp \
JPane JFrame \
\
\cf3 JFrame, JPanel, JButton, JLabel\cf2 \
\
\
List all the JComponents used to create this application \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 JFrame,JLabel,JPanel,JTextField,JButton\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9.\uc0\u8232 \cf3 JFrame newFrame = new JFrame(); \cf2 \
Write a line of code to add a listener to this Component: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 newFrame.addActionListener(this);\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. Write a line of code to add a listener to this Component: JButton newButton = new JButton(); \
\cf3 newButton.addActionListener(this);\cf2 \
11. What method do you use to fit all the Components into a JFrame based on their preferred\uc0\u8232 sizes? \
\cf3 JFrame.pack();\cf2 \
\
12. int setScore(String teamName, int newScore)\{ //method code\uc0\u8232 \} \
What is the return type of the above method? \
\cf3 int\cf2 \
13. int setScore(String teamName, int newScore)\{ //method code\uc0\u8232 \} \
What parameters does the above method take? \
\cf3 String & int\cf2 \
14. int setScore(String teamName, int newScore)\{ //method code\uc0\u8232 \} \
What code would you need in between the mustaches to get the above method to compile? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 return String + int;\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 15. Write a method that halves a number and returns the result. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 int half(int number)\{\
\
return number /2;\
\
\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 16. public class RedGreenBlue \{ \
String favoriteColor = "Red";\
public static void main(String[] args) \{\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \}\u8232 public void setFavoriteColor(String newFavoriteColor) \{ favoriteColor = newFavoriteColor; \
\}\uc0\u8232 \}\u8232 What is the problem with the above code and how would you fix it? \
\cf3 Take void out\cf2 \
17. public class Cat \{ String name;\uc0\u8232 int lives; \
Cat(String name) \{ this.name = name; this.lives = 9;\uc0\u8232 \} \
public void meow() \{ System.out.println("Meow"); \}\uc0\u8232 \} \
Write code to make a cat meow. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3  Cat tac = new Cat(\'93name\'94);\
\
tac.meow();\
  \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Page 4 of 5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 18. Write code to use the Dishwasher class below to clean the dishes and print a warning if the dishes were\uc0\u8232 not cleaned successfully. \
public class Dishwasher \{ \
boolean cleanDishes(int washTimeInMinutes) \{\uc0\u8232 /* method code exists. You do not have to write it\u8232 Returns true if the dishes were cleaned successfully, false if not cleaned. */\u8232 \} \
void setNumDishesToWash(int numberOfDishes) \{ //method code exists. You do not have to write it\uc0\u8232 \}\u8232 \cf3 \} \
Dishwasher dw = new Dishwasher();\
dw.setNumDishesTowash(5);\
\
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
}